                          Avertec Academic License
                            Terms and Conditions

1. Preamble

   * The following document is a contractual agreement between AVERTEC and
     YOU, the licensee, a member of an academic institution wishing to use
     the software for non-commercial purposes. The terms and conditions of
     use of the software for YOU are given in the following articles.

   * Please note that there may be a time restriction upon the use of the
     software.

2. License

   * The right to use the software is granted, but not sold, to YOU by
     AVERTEC, according to the terms of the present license. AVERTEC
     reserves all rights which are not expressly given. The present
     non-exclusive and non-transferable license allows use of the software
     on a single machine. The term "use" refers either to the loading of the
     software into physical memory or permanent installation (on a Hard
     Disk, a CDROM, or any other media). YOU are allowed to make one copy of
     the software for backup purposes. The copy should display the copyright
     notice included with the original supplied by AVERTEC.

3. Limits on Use

   * The software contains industrial secrets for the protection of which it
     is strictly forbidden to decompile, disassemble or to in any way
     transform the software code into a human-readable form. YOU are not
     permitted to modify, adapt, rent, lend, sublicense, or create
     derivatives of the software, nor are YOU permitted to authorise third
     parties to do so.

4. Term and Termination

   * The current license remains effective until terminated. AVERTEC
     reserves the right to terminate the current license without prior
     notice in the event of a breach of the terms and conditions. In the
     event of a termination, YOU shall destroy all versions of the software,
     together with any accompanying documentation. Articles 3, 5, 6, 7 and 8
     remain valid after termination.

5. Export

   * YOU agree not to export or re-export any part of the software or
     documentation.

6. Warranty & Maintenance

   * AVERTEC makes no warranty, express or implied, and disclaims any
     warranty with respect to the licensed program or documentation,
     including, without limitation, any warranty of fitness for a particular
     purpose or merchantability or non-infringement. The software is provided 
     as is, AVERTEC does not guarantee maintenance or support for this 
     academic version.

7. Responsibility

   * UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL AVERTEC BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL,
     SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
     TO THIS LICENSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF
     INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO
     YOU. In no event shall AVERTEC's total liability to YOU for all damages
     exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).

8. Remarks

   * This agreement is subject to French law. If any provision of this
     Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of the
     Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.Any waiver by either
     party of any condition, part, term or provision of this Agreement shall
     not be considered as a waiver of any other condition, part, terms or
     provision or a waiver of any future event or circumstance. No waiver of
     any term provision or condition of this Agreement shall be valid unless
     in writing and signed by the party agreeing to such waiver.

I, a member of the stated academic institution, declare full acceptance of
the above terms and conditions
